Update docs to surface CLI filtering syntax (#1496)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/starter-guide/pipelines/fetching-pipelines.md

```

Please [refer to our
documentation](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/cli/#zenml.cli--filtering-cli-output-when-listing)
for full details on the available flags.
</details>

> ## Querying the Client

Reviewer: Should be h3 since runs is h2

```suggestion
### Querying the Client
```

Reviewer: Actually now that I look at the page, how about we keep it a h2 header but move it to the bottom of the page after "Code Example"?

> You can also access ZenML artifacts and objects directly from the ZenML client,

Reviewer: artifacts is mentioned twice

```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also access ZenML objects directly from the ZenML client,
```
